Improvements to Next.js guide (#13371)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

After you have previewed your application locally, you can deploy it to Cloudflare Pages (both via [Direct Uploads](/pages/get-started/direct-upload/) or [Git integration](/pages/configuration/git-integration/)) and iterate over the process to make new changes.

## Troubleshooting

> The following section presents a common mistakes and issues that developer might encounter when developing a Next.js application using `next-on-pages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review common mistakes and issues that you might encounter when developing a Next.js application using `next-on-pages`.
```

### Edge runtime

> All server-side routes in your Next.js project must be configured as "Edge" runtime routes when running on Cloudflare Pages. You must add `export const runtime = 'edge'` to each individual server-side route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All server-side routes in your Next.js project must be configured as Edge runtime routes when running on Cloudflare Pages. You must add `export const runtime = 'edge'` to each individual server-side route.
```

> All server-side routes in your Next.js project must be configured as "Edge" runtime routes, when running on Cloudflare Pages. You must add `export const runtime = 'edge'` to each individual server-side route.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All server-side routes in your Next.js project must be configured as "Edge" runtime routes when running on Cloudflare Pages. You must add `export const runtime = 'edge'` to each individual server-side route.
```

---
filename: app/my-example-page/[slug]/page.jsx
---
+ export const dynamicParams = false

// ...
```

> #### Top Level `getRequestContext`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Top-level `getRequestContext`
```

> The `getRequestContext` function can't be called at the top level of a route file or in any manner that triggers the function call as part of the file's initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getRequestContext` function cannot be called at the top level of a route file or in any manner that triggers the function call as part of the file's initialization.
```

> In other words `getRequestContext` must be called inside the request handling process logic and not in a global/unconditional manner that gets triggered as soon as the file is imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getRequestContext` must be called inside the request handling process logic and not in a global/unconditional manner that gets triggered as soon as the file is imported.
```

> For example the following represents an erroneous usage of `getRequestContext`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following is an incorrect usage of `getRequestContext`:
```

```js
---
filename: app/api/myvar/route.js
highlight: [5]
---
import { getRequestContext } from '@cloudflare/next-on-pages'

export const runtime = 'edge'

const myVariable = getRequestContext().env.MY_VARIABLE

export async function GET(request) {
  return new Response(myVariable)
}
```

> which can be fixed for example in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example can be fixed in the following way:
```
